AITK Docs update - release 0.22.0 (#8922)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/intelligentapps/overview.md

> Check the **What's New** page after installation to see detailed features for each version.
* After successful installation, the AI Toolkit icon appears in the Activity Bar.

> ## Explore Azure AI Toolkit

Reviewer: The?

> The Azure AI Toolkit opens in its own view, with the Azure AI Toolkit Icon now displayed on the VS Code Navbar. The extension has several main sections: My Resources, Model Tools, Agent and Workflow Tools, MCP Workflow, and Help and Feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure AI Toolkit opens in its own view, with the Azure AI Toolkit icon now displayed on the VS Code Activity Bar. The extension has several main sections: My Resources, Model Tools, Agent and Workflow Tools, MCP Workflow, and Help and Feedback.
```

>    ![Screenshot showing the AI Toolkit Extension with highlighted sections.":::

Reviewer: Something wrong with the syntax of the image link? Also, indentation is not needed here.

](./images/overview/initial-view.png)

- **My Resources**: This section contains the resources you have access to in AI Toolkit. The **My Resources** section is the main view for interacting with your Azure AI resources. It contains the following subsections:
  - **Models**: This section contains the models you can use to build and deploy for your AI applications. The **Models** view is where you can find your deployed models in AI Toolkit.
  - **Agents**: This section contains your AI Toolkit deployed agents.
  - **MCP Servers**: This section contains the MCP Servers you're working with in AI Toolkit.

- **Model Tools**: This section contains the model tools you can use to build and deploy your AI applications. The **Model Tools** view is where you can find the tools available to deploy and then work with your deployed models. It contains the following subsections:

>     - **Model Catalog**: The link to the model catalog lets you discover and access AI models from multiple sources including GitHub, ONNX, Ollama, OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google. Compare models side-by-side and find the right model for your use case.

Reviewer: "The link to" sounds weird. Can we just use "The model catalog lets you discover..." ?
Similar for the next list items.

    - **Model Playground**: The link to the model playground provides an interactive environment to experiment with generative AI models. Test various prompts, adjust model parameters, compare responses from different models and explore multi-modal capabilities by attaching different types of input files.

>     - **Conversion**: The link to the model conversion tool that helps you convert, quantize, optimize and evaluate the pre-built machine learning models on your local Windows platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Conversion**: The link to the model conversion tool that helps you convert, quantize, optimize, and evaluate the pre-built machine learning models on your local Windows platform.
```

>    - **Fine-tuning**: The link that allows you to use your custom dataset to run fine-tuning jobs on a pre-trained model in a local computing environment with GPU or in the cloud (Azure Container App) with GPU.

Reviewer: Should it be Azure Container Apps? Or if it's a single instance, lowercased Azure container app?

Author: We'll go with Azure Container Apps
